hello everybody I have a trailer here
for a 2016 movie called but I know
they've been lied as for many years the
going to do one Ocarina at a time uh
this looks coming with it although many
probably have so I'm gonna did a good
and let you decide this is by King money
you looking to that the guy had one 2016
movie in each piece to me just go and
this for you I'm in the whole thing
I something lined up today there's the
market and you come with me no manners
and do us it speak to no one
and for goodness sake
been waiting for you
god I secret race this very day kingdom
of Hiva home nothing can stop it just
cracked inside please
I am this is the time of time when these
doors open again the set
I welcome the Hume of time
alright so that is the trailer we've
been seen a lot of the ocarina type
trailers looks like somebody took a
little bit more serious and actually
made it into an actual movie this is
going to be an awesome movie